and this video are going to speak about changing our fueled names.
So here we've got our pivot table and let's say I want to change the name of a field here,
which is the sum of sales amount.
Let's say I want to change it to just sales amount.
So if I click on this arrow here and click on value fueled settings and try to change it to
sales amount,
I'm press okay.
Actually,
I'm going to get an error.
And the reason for that is that the original name of the field,
which is the same thing as a column.
So the original name of the field or the column here on your data table is sales amount.
So you're trying to assigning the same name of an already existing field.
So this is why you're getting an error.
So to get around that you Congar back to value fueled settings and you can make it sales
amount.
But just add an extra space here,
impress okay,
and Excel will accept that it will recognize this name as a different name than the one
that you have on your original data table.
Of course,
you can change it to any other name if you'd like,
so you can go back and make it total sales,
for example,
and that's totally acceptable.
Another way to change field names is through the anal ice tab on the ribbon.
So while clicking inside your pivot table,
go to the analyzed type on the ribbon.
You can see here that the latest name we've assigned to the sales column has been reflected
here on the active field.
It says,
Total sales.
Let's say I want to change my year to sales year,
for example,
and I can do that and press enter and the name has been reflected here is well on my pivot
table field,
Spain.
You can see here it's now sails year instead of year.
So this is how you can change your field names on your pivot table.